Hello and welcome.
I have another challenge for you.
This is a challenge for the interpreter design pattern.
We're gonna write a simple application that uses this pattern.
And so what we have to do if we want to use this pattern is we have to define what senses we're going
to interpret.
And so what this application is going to do is it's going to protectorate sentences that contain the
words and had the word or with an expression on each side an expression and an expression an expression
or an expression.
And so it will return a boolean result based on and in awe or logic.
Right.
So for ads in order for that to be true both expressions on the left and the right hand side have to
be true and for expressions only one of them have to be true our first step will be to write the interpreter
context class that will do the actual interpretation.
So you're going to see what an expression represents as well an expression is not going to be a number
it's going to just be a string.
So we're going to write the interpreter context class.
This will do the actual interpretation.
It's going to determine when to to return true or false.
The class is going to contain a string that represents the input and you're going to need to create
a get result function that returns true if the input contains the data of the expression.
So you can just use the string contains Method After we create in context.
We're then going to need to create the expression interface.
This should include a single interpret method that takes a context and returns a boolean.
There's only one term in a class required for this language.
It's going to contain a constructor that sets the data for the expression.
Remember the terminal class is what ends the recursion for non terminal classes.
It's an actual it's actual data.
It's not a variable.
The terminal class is going to implement the interpret method by calling the context.
Get result method in passing in the expression data you're going to also have to create new town two
non terminal expression classes.
We didn't do this in the example but you should have enough information to implement it.
You're going to need to create one for and in one for each class should contain two expression references
because this is how the non terminal classes work.
They have to have a reference for both expressions the end and the R and those are set in the constructor
and then the interpret method should basically just do an and or an or the two expression references
and you'll have to use recursion for this implementation right.
So if it's doing an and it will recursively call it and method for the two expression references and
eventually it will catch a terminal and it will end.
So really all you need to do is the interpret method is call the same interpret what you're doing and
on it.
So you do it for the both expressions and the same for the or the last step is to create the client
you're going to need to create at least two terminal expressions that contain strings so use each one
to pass into your non terminal expression your end in your classes you need to create a context with
an input that will return true or false based on which non terminal expression was created and or an.
So for example you could create two terminal expressions that represent a person in marriage.
One would be Jason and another would be married.
Those are terminal expressions.
Jason married you would create instances of terminal class you then would create a non terminal expression
and representing.
If two people are married using your two terminal expressions.
So you have two terminal expressions.
You gonna create a non terminal expression and you get a pass in those two.
You can just pass them into the constructor and then if you create a context that represents is Jason
married for example.
String married Jason the.
And expression should interpret this as true because when it goes into the interpret function interpret
method I should say of the end non terminal class it will no married is one non terminal.
Jason is another non terminal and we'll call the context to see if each one of those is contained in
four.
And both of them have to be in the string four or only one of them.
So if we create a context that represents John married the end expression should interpret this as false
because there's not two non terminals for John married.
You'll notice that this client class represents the grammar it contains an instance for each terminal
in each non terminal.
Jason and John are terminals and in the end all caps is a non terminal because that's just a symbol
that's gonna be represent a non terminal.
All right.
So this is what it's all about.
It's also could be thought of as an abstract syntax tree.
Another example would be to create the following two terminal expressions that represent a person.
One is Lucy.
And another is Myra.
You then create a non terminal expression or representing a female by using the two terminal expressions
you created Lucy and Myra.
You can then pass these expressions into my into your non terminal or expression constructor if you
create a context such as Lucy female.
Lucy the expression should interpret this as true if you create a context is Maya a female.
Myra.
So the context here is just Lucy or Maya.
Then your expression should interpret this as true.
If you create a context is Jason female your expression should interpret this as false.
Because Jason is not in one of those two non terminals.
Jason's not including Lucy and is not included in Maya.
The grammar here would be for this language.
Use the examples on the previous slide would be the end expression would be expression and expression
the or would be expression or expression.
And again those are represented as non terminal classes you pass in the expressions that you created
and then the expressions in this grammar would be Jason married Lucy Myra right.
Those are all the non terminals for your application.
You can create any terminals that you want.
And here would be an example of output.
I'm going to point out the context and I'm on to point out the result.
Lucy is female true Maya Myra's female.
True Jason is female false.
Jason is married.
True John is married.
False to non terminals in the bottom two one terminal site.
Two not terminals two terminals in the bottom two and then one terminal and each one of these.
Good luck.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Thank you.